Functional Requirements:
- A system for an Admin who can enter the employee details like name, contact
number, vehicle details etc
- Corporate employees can register the details to the website.
- The facility to check whether the vehicle and driver is authorized or not
- Admin can view the report of the car pooling process to improve the system
- Employees can report suggestions/complaints in the website
- Employees receive SMS alerts regarding the route and timings.
- Maximum 4 Person allowed for a car.


System will generate Monthly Reports and Weekly Reports

Application assumptions:
1. The login page should be the first page rendered when the application loads.
2. Manual routing should be restricted by using AuthGaurd by implementing the
canActivate interface. For example, if the user enters as 
http://localhost:4200/signup or http://localhost:4200/home the page should not
navigate to the corresponding page instead it should redirect to the login page.
3. Unless logged into the system, the user cannot navigate to any other pages.
4. Logging out must again redirect to the login page.
5. To navigate to the admin side, you can store a user type as admin in the database
with a username and password as admin.
6. Use admin/admin as the username and password to navigate to the admin
dashboard.

Validations:
1. Basic email validation should be performed.
2. Basic mobile validation should be performed.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Specify the type of commit:
feat: The new feature you're adding to a particular application
fix: A bug fix
style: Feature and updates related to styling
refactor: Refactoring a specific section of the codebase
test: Everything related to testing
docs: Everything related to documentation
chore: Regular code maintenance.[ You can also use emojis to represent commit types]
Separate the subject from the body with a blank line
Your commit message should not contain any whitespace errors
Remove unnecessary punctuation marks
Do not end the subject line with a period
Capitalize the subject line and each paragraph
Use the imperative mood in the subject line
Use the body to explain what changes you have made and why you made them.
Do not assume the reviewer understands what the original problem was, ensure you add it.
Do not think your code is self-explanatory
Follow the commit convention defined by your team

Login page
    ->Logo
    -> Login Form